Authentic Source initiated flow (#554)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/authentic-sources.rst

> Authentic Sources are responsible for the authenticity of the User's attributes provided as Digital Credentials by Credential Issuers. During the Issuance Flow, Credential Issuers request from Authentic Sources the attributes required to provide the requested Credential. Authentic Sources MAY also provide a Credential Offer related to their Credential Issuers as defined in Section :ref:`Credential Offer Endpoint <Credential Offer Endpoint>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authentic Sources provide Users attributes to the Credential Issuers enabling them in the issuance of the Digital Credentials. During the Issuance Flow, Credential Issuers request from Authentic Sources the attributes required to provide the requested Credential, according to the rules defined in Section :ref:`e-Service PDND <e-service-pdnd>` and in Section :ref:`Status Update by Authentic Sources <Status Update by Authentic Sources>`. See also Section :ref:`Authentic Source Catalogue <Authentic Source Catalogue>` for additional details. 

Authentic Sources MAY also provide a Credential Offer related to their Credential Issuers as defined in Section :ref:`Credential Offer Endpoint <Credential Offer Endpoint>`.
```

the responsability of the authenticity of the data contained within the credentials are only up to the credential issuers and not to the authentic sources

    - The protocol flow MUST ensure integrity, authenticity, and non-repudiation of the exchanged data between the Authentic Source and the PID/(Q)EAA Provider. 
    - The e-services MUST be implemented in REST. SOAP protocol MUST NOT be used.

> In case of the PID/(Q)EAA Provider and the Authentic Source are separate entities, the Authentic Source MAY provide a Credential Offer related to its PID/(Q)EAA Provider as defined in the Section :ref:`Credential Offer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
  
  In case of the PID/(Q)EAA Provider and the Authentic Source are separate entities, the Authentic Source MAY provide a Credential Offer related to its PID/(Q)EAA Provider as defined in the Section :ref:`Credential Offer`.
```
